And then people have seen a lot of people.
asking around whether it's worth it or not
buy the eclipse towers apartment
number 31
so I decided to make this video showing
for you an apartment inside and
talking a little more about the
apartment and whether it is worth it or not
purchase
Come on, starting here. Go through this.
room on the left we have a
salon that with a guitar 11 books
on the basketball has a computer
there with two screens and wanted one of
good bronze that white wall that
it 's on the map side
probably will be the wall on which
the big thefts will be planned
here to the kitchen so here you can
have a house wine if you call her
girlfriend play with you guys come here
farmhouse
here is a little green suquinho used to
Fuck no
just to get that shiver down the spine
kitchen that is no good at all
in fact the most important is what
sets the value of the apartments
View
I did not like the view of your
apartment I think is not worth the price
if you are going to think at night you buy
an apartment of this value being
have the same
half price
in fact all the apartments with
garage for two cars
they look exactly like the inside
only thing that changes is the view and how
this apartment is in the most
noble of the saints he has the most
expensive of all but not necessarily
The best here is the television. Give it to you.
watch the normal TV programs of the
gta
here you can see the other street camera
street camera here the vision of your
garage
here you will see the help of your
friends and here you can watch your
friends playing missions in real time
like you had a tv show
come on continue showing the lists
This one from this part, you can see there.
the sign of varzim where far away
also say that you can see the house of the
mickey funk but I honestly do not
I remember where I was on the stairs here.
I have we have another window of your room
and the bed is not for
absolutely nothing just to lie down
So what
is a stereo in the bedroom also if
want to listen to a song and such
here to the right the wardrobe you
changing clothes already show from now
little the first one I'll show a bathroom
in a bathtub here that you can not use
unfortunately
and here's the shower if you're dirty
of blood or grimy you can come
here, bathing will only stay clean
Also a cool thing for you.
singing will earn you points
the more you sing a headset
points gaining here the wardrobe you
you can exchange not only accessories but also
shirt pants and everything else
coming back upstairs has a whiskey
here if you want in a farm and truth and
also here on the side has a bong if
You want slaps panther is very
crazy and live the most colorful world
as they now pay to enter the
garage alone here at the
apartment is you choose if you want to leave
from the apartment or enter directly into the
garage
Good video is already ending more
Before leaving some messages
This week I'll post another video
showing the view of the apartment
eclipse towers 40 and I'm posting a video
showing how to increase all your
skills and also at the end of the week
I'll post another video showing what
do with the 500 thousand that the rockstar will
give to people
so you do not have to lose any video from
subscribe to the channel
click enjoyed that video is
share with your friends and leave a
comment there asking for beauty tips
thanks
but if you like to stay there stay the one
video is the right that teaching as
get one for free